## games

*Computer games have always been an huge part of my life and one of the main reasons I started programming. Here are some of my favorite games and some of my unforgettable experiences. They aren't listed in any particular order.*

* **System Shock series**: Both *System Shock 1* and *System Shock 2* have a very special place in my heart. I've played SS2 for the first time when I was a child, and got extremely scared at first, but couldn't stop playing it. SS2 is an incredibly innovative sci-fi FPS/RPG with fantastic storytelling that puts the player inside a spaceship, deserted after the appearance of a deadly toxin, controlled by an AI. Through well-crafted environments, audio logs, and world interaction, the player feels really immersed in the universe of SS2 and in its story. A *must play*. 

    Its predecessor, SS1, is an older DOS game that shares the feeling of uneasiness and the storytelling of SS2. There are substantial gameplay differences and it may seem outdated and difficult to control at first, but SS1 is also worth playing and finishing for the same reasons that made SS2 so great.

* **Touhou Project**: Flying japanese girls shoot magical bullets in complex patterns at each other. *Ahem.* The Touhou Project is a one-man-created series of *shoot'em up/shmup/danmaku/bullet hell* games with an addicting (extremely difficult and extremely rewarding) gameplay and an incredibly catchy and unforgettable soundtrack. The gameplay may be hard to get into at first, but once you get the hang of it and you start getting better it becomes extremely fun to play the game on harder difficulties and challenge yourself. Touhou is a *must try*. It's not for everyone, but chances are that you'll love it.

* **DROD series**: DROD, or "Deadly Rooms of Death", is a turn-based commercial open-source puzzle game with incredibly interesting mechanics and a surprisingly great story. This game not very popular but it's very highly rated - a *must try* as well if you enjoy puzzle games or want to try something new.

My thoughts on the following games will be added in the future.

* **Deus Ex series**: ...

* **League of Legends**: ...

* **osu!**: ...

* **Operation Carnage**: ...

* **Quake series**: ...

* **Elder Scrolls series**: ...

* **Fallout series**: ...

* **Half-Life series**: ...

* **Megaman series**: ...

* **DOOM series**: ...

* **Counter-Strike series**: ...

* **Undertale**: ...

---

## anime

*I've recently started watching anime, after ignoring it for a long time. Surprisingly, it a very good media form for storytelling and it provided me with great experiences and emotions. Here are some of the series I liked the most.*

* **Shingeki no Kyojin**: The first anime I've ever watched. The weird but interesting ideas of the "titans" is what made me start watching anime... and I'm really glad I did. SNK's story is just what I crave: an universe that's easy to get immersed into, interesting mechanics (titans, maneuver gear, etc), likable characters, darker themes and most importantly a *believable* mature story that just makes sense and doesn't cut corners. I'm very satisfied with SNK and eagerly awaiting more episodes.

* **Shinsekai Yori**: Wow. That's the reaction I have while thinking back to the experience this anime gave me. SY takes all the elements I loved from SNK and amplifies them tenfold. This anime is a sci-fi/fantasy series all about its universe and its unique mechanics. On top of that, it deals with extremely dark and/or mature themes, such as death, racism, homosexuality, romance, and more. Also, it's set in a post-apocalyptic future. It has one of the most amazing and complex worlds and... *everything is explained and just makes sense*. The achievement of having incredibly interesting, dark and complex mechanics/characters/situations/universe elements and managing to make them completely believable and immersive for the viewer is just mind-blowing. This is currently my *favorite anime*. I highly recommend it if you're a fan of the themes described above.

* **Steins;gate**: Again, sci-fi with interesting time-travel mechanics and *some* darker themes. Set in contemporary time, SG tells the story of a scientist who discovers how to send text messages back in time. From that premise a convoluted but extremely interesting story unfolds. This anime is my favorite in terms of character development - the characters of SG all have a believable unique personality that evolves during the course of the series. I feel that the strongest aspects of this anime are indeed the characters and the ability to mix humor, darker themes and sci-fi elements. It just works. Highly recommend this one as well.

* **Nagi no Asukara**: ...

* **Psycho-Pass**: ...

* **Time of Eve**: ...

* **Death Note**: ...

---

## tv series

* **Fringe**: ...

* **Game of Thrones**: ...

* **Black Mirror**: ...

* **Firefly**: ...

* **Battlestar Galactica**: ...

* **South Park**: ...

* **Breaking Bad**: ...

* **Futurama**: ...

* **Rick and Morty**: ...

* **Mr. Robot**: ...

* **Utopia**: ...

*...*

---

## movies

* **Mr. Nobody**: ... 

* **The Fountain**: ... 

* **Serenity**: ... 

* **Dark City**: ...

* **Snowpiercer**: ...

* **Moon**: ...

* **The Machinist**: ...

* **Memento**: ...

* **Requiem for a Dream**: ...

* **The Curious Case of Benjamin Button**: ...

* **Tron Legacy**: ...

* **Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind**: ...

* **Minority Report**: ...

* **The Shawshank Redemption**: ...

* **Shutter Island**: ...

* **Donnie Darko**: ...

* **A Beautiful Mind**: ...

* **Coherence**: ...

*...*

---

## music

*...*

---

## other

*...*

---